um it is asked how keyword insertion in
ads can boost or juice campaign
performance so I me this is kind of a
tale of two halves actually so when we
use DKI dynamic keyword insertion we
typically only use it in the titles for
testing and yeah it's kind of a quick
fix it can boost click-through rate in
the short term but in all honesty longer
term just very well-written adverts that
are different to your competitors work
much much better so DK is kind of like a
quick fix if you've got a big account I
can yeah I can understand why you'd use
it but you've got to be really careful
that when you use it your ad groups are
really tightly tightly packed together
with keywords if you've got quite big ad
groups with lots of keywords in them DK
I can start making your ads look a bit
rubbish quite frankly the better
approach would be to use customizations
in your adverts so there's a couple of
cool things that we do with clients to
keep ads relevant you can actually pull
in the date or the month so you can make
an advert text relevant compared to
competitors just by mentioning the month
that we're in and you can do the same of
locations definitely do locations if
you've got a location based business or
even a national business that wants to
get a bit more local traffic and local
click should I say there's also things
like countdown timers and stock checkers
and that sort of thing so if you've got
a sale on you could put a countdown
timer on for a certain end date for your
sales these little things are great
automations and they're much better as a
dynamic proposition in an advert than a
simple keyword insertion so thanks for
your question and I hope that helps